it's always hard to say what is the most of anything you know but one
of the very important things I think I have to tell you that you corporate
is your ability to communicate you mean more to you than you
may say you may say or if I do my job right or five discover new things
or if I produce something that everybody needs that will be fine
but if your life is like the hook wives of almost all of us you'll
find a lot of your ability to accomplish what you want to accomplish
depends on your ability to communicate so one the most important things
you really need to learn from me has learned how to communicate
well learn how to write learn how to speak you know you learn how to
communicate to other people and always be ready to communicate you
never know when the elevator doors again open and you get in and there's
the vice president the United States cloak now you got him for
twenty seconds what do you say to you get some the ready to go right
now Mister vice president I want to talk to you about mentor ship
in the military we're suffering and we can cure that problem using computers
thank doors open and he turns and says come see me about that
Davis good to go